docs: add database migration documents in CONTRIBUTING.md (#54)
approvers/pulsate: CONTRIBUTING.md

A guide on how to participate in this project.

> **Before "Contribution"**: All Contributors and Maintainers are required to follow the [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Reviewer: 目次消さないで
( VSCode のコマンドパレットから生成できます. )

Author: resolved [a39af27](https://github.com/approvers/pulsate/pull/54/commits/a39af278520f6daaa3493b09a268cdd5fd33aaa6)

// Bad
const a: Array<string>
```

> ## Database Schema Migration

Reviewer: 見出しと本文, コードスニペットは一行改行を入れて整えましょう.

Author: [may]: markdownlint的なのを導入した方がいい気がします(こういう指摘を毎回するのはナンセンスなので)

Reviewer: スコープ外になりそうなので Issue 作りましょう

Author: resolved [a39af27](https://github.com/approvers/pulsate/pull/54/commits/a39af278520f6daaa3493b09a268cdd5fd33aaa6)

We migrate our database schema using [goose](https://github.com/pressly/goose). It should be installed whether or not you are currently modifying the schema. For installation instructions, see the [Installation](https://github.com/pressly/goose#install) guide.

### Creating a New Migration File
All migration files should be saved under the `resources/db` directory.  
Follow the steps below to create a new migration file.
```bash
$ cd resources/db
$ goose create add_some_column sql

> ```

Reviewer: `shell` や `bash` のコードスニペットに `$` は含めるべきではないです. Copy ボタンを押した際に `$` が一緒にクリップボードにコピーされてしまいます.

Author: resolved [a39af27](https://github.com/approvers/pulsate/pull/54/commits/a39af278520f6daaa3493b09a268cdd5fd33aaa6)

// Bad
const a: Array<string>
```

## Database Schema Migration

We migrate our database schema using [goose](https://github.com/pressly/goose). It should be installed whether or not you are currently modifying the schema. For installation instructions, see the [Installation](https://github.com/pressly/goose#install) guide.

### Creating a New Migration File

All migration files should be saved under the `resources/db` directory.  
Follow the steps below to create a new migration file.
```bash
cd resources/db
goose create add_some_column sql
```
Once the migration file is created, write the following:
```sql
-- +goose Up
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS account (
	id VARCHAR(255) PRIMARY KEY,
	name VARCHAR(128) NOT NULL,
	nickname VARCHAR(255),
	mail VARCHAR(128),
	passphrase_hash VARCHAR(255),
	bio TEXT NOT NULL DEFAULT '',
	role INT NOT NULL DEFAULT 0,
	status INT NOT NULL DEFAULT 0,
	created_at DATETIME(6) NOT NULL,
	updated_at DATETIME(6) DEFAULT NULL,
	deleted_at DATETIME(6) DEFAULT NULL
);
-- +goose Down
DROP TABLE IF EXISTS account;
```

> `-- +goose <Up/Down>` is required.

Reviewer: > 見出しと本文, コードスニペットは一行改行を入れて整えましょう.

ここもです.

Author: fixed [30ca5e8](https://github.com/approvers/pulsate/pull/54/commits/30ca5e8b27b02f1503f9229ae3cb10d0ab7272ec)

#### Recommendations for Creating SQL Migration Files

We recommend to include database credentials in the `.env` file as possible. For more information, see the Goose documentation. Note that Goose will create a `go` migration file with the extension, but you need to change it to `sql`.

### Applying migration

Here is how to apply a migration
```bash
cd resources/db
goose up
```

### Rolling back a migration

Here is how to roll back a migration one generation
```bash
cd resources/db
goose down

> ```

Reviewer: > 見出しと本文, コードスニペットは一行改行を入れて整えましょう.

The installation is necessary, regardless of whether you are currently updating the schema or not.  
Please consult the [Install](https://github.com/pressly/goose#install) guide for instructions on installation.

### Creating a New Migration File
All migration files should be saved under the `resources/db` directory.  
Follow the steps below to create a new migration file.
```bash
$ cd resources/db
$ goose create add_some_column sql
```
Once the migration file is created, write the following:
```sql
-- +goose Up
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS account (
	id VARCHAR(255) PRIMARY KEY,
	name VARCHAR(128) NOT NULL,
	nickname VARCHAR(255),
	mail VARCHAR(128),
	passphrase_hash VARCHAR(255),
	bio TEXT NOT NULL DEFAULT '',
	role INT NOT NULL DEFAULT 0,
	status INT NOT NULL DEFAULT 0,
	created_at DATETIME(6) NOT NULL,
	updated_at DATETIME(6) DEFAULT NULL,
	deleted_at DATETIME(6) DEFAULT NULL
);
-- +goose Down
DROP TABLE IF EXISTS account;
```
`-- +goose <Up/Down>` is required.

#### Recommendations for Creating SQL Migration Files

It is recommended to include the database connection information in the `.env` file where possible. Consult the goose documentation for more detailed information.  

> Additionally, it is mandatory to create migration files in `sql`, as the default is `go`.  

Author: "gooseではマイグレーションファイルを作成する時のデフォルト形式がgoになることに注意せよ"みたいなことが言いたいのですが、それを踏まえるとまた別の書き方があったりするんでしょうか

> It is recommended to include the database connection information in the `.env` file where possible. Consult the goose documentation for more detailed information.  
> Additionally, it is mandatory to create migration files in `sql`, as the default is `go`.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend to include database credentials in the `.env` file as possible. For more information, see the Goose documentation. Note that Goose will create a `go` migration file with the extension, but you need to change it to `sql`.
```
だとしたらこんな感じですかね

> Additionally, it is mandatory to create migration files in `sql`, as the default is `go`.  

Author: resolved [1cfca3c](https://github.com/approvers/pulsate/pull/54/commits/1cfca3cec78060daa9c01900afbde91d6f0e0384)
